docs(auto-generating-selectors): Add vanilla store variant (#1915)
pmndrs/zustand: docs/guides/auto-generating-selectors.md

const increment = useBearStore.use.increment()
```

## Vanilla Store

> If you are using a vanilla store, then consider the function below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a vanilla store, use the following approach:
```

is more in line with the general tone and style of this page.

```typescript
import { useStore, StoreApi } from "zustand";

type WithSelectors<S> = S extends { getState: () => infer T }
  ? S & { use: { [K in keyof T]: () => T[K] } }
  : never;
const createSelectors = <S extends StoreApi<object>>(_store: S) => {
  const store = _store as WithSelectors<typeof _store>;
  store.use = {};
  for (const k of Object.keys(store.getState())) {
    (store.use as any)[k] = () =>
      useStore(_store, (s) => s[k as keyof typeof s]);
  }

  return store;

> };

Reviewer: The code style is inconsistent with Zustand's one. Please adjust according to the code snippets above.

Author: Hi @sewera! I did some refactoring trying to match Zustand code style based on the above snippets. Can you check again?

```

The usage is the same as a React store.

```typescript
import { createStore } from "zustand";

interface BearState {
  bears: number
  increase: (by: number) => void
  increment: () => void
}

const bearStoreBase = createStore<BearState>()((set) => ({
  bears: 0,
  increase: (by) => set((state) => ({ bears: state.bears + by })),
  increment: () => set((state) => ({ bears: state.bears + 1 })),
}))

const bearStoreWithHooks = createSelectors(bearStoreBase);

// get the property
const bears = bearStoreWithHooks.use.bears()

// get the action

> const increment = bearStoreWithHooks.use.increment()

Reviewer: Also code style in this snippet is inconsistent. Please adjust.
